data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/src/com/myproject/DBManagerUIActivity.java.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/Matrix.h.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/GestureRecognizerDelegate.h.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFValueCellController.h.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFChoiceCellController.h.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Settings.bundle/en.lproj/Root.strings.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/gameplan.png.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFTextCellController.m.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/com/myproject/Acceleration$1.class.i
data/python/gesturerec3d.py.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/res/layout/main.xml.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/RightCurlyBrace64.png.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/src/com/myproject/GestureLibraryDBAdapter.java.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/com/myproject/PromptListener.class.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/FirstViewController.h.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/com/myproject/GestureLibrary.class.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Square32.png.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/gen/com/myproject/R.java.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/gear.png.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFSwitchCellController.h.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/res/layout/dbui.xml.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFChoiceCellController.m.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/_DollerRecognizer_Prefix.pch.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/GestureRecorderDelegate.h.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/unknown32.png.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFTextViewTableView.m.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/src/com/myproject/gesturerec3d.java.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFChoiceTableViewController.m.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/default.properties.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Zorro64.png.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/com/myproject/Acceleration$4.class.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/com/myproject/R$attr.class.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFTemporaryModel.h.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFControlTableViewCell.m.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/MainWindow.xib.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/3DollarRecognizer.xcodeproj/philotas.perspectivev3.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/Gesture.h.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/src/com/myproject/Score.java.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/com/myproject/gesturerec3d.class.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/medical.png.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/3DollarRecognizer.xcodeproj/svenkratz.pbxuser.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/_DollerRecognizer-Info.plist.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Square64.png.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFTemporaryModel.m.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/com/myproject/R$string.class.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/SettingsView.xib.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/.project.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/LeftSquareBracket64.png.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/TrainingView.xib.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/3DollarRecognizer.xcodeproj/svenkratz.perspectivev3.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Circle32.png.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Gestures.sqlite.i
data/python/gesture_app.py.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/com/myproject/Acceleration$2.class.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/RightSquareBracket64.png.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/com/myproject/GestureLibraryDBAdapter.class.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/GesturesEMPTY.sqlite.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/resources.ap_.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFGenericTableViewController.h.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/GestureLibraryTableViewController.h.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFPreferencesModel.m.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/src/com/myproject/Acceleration.java.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFButtonCellController.h.i
data/python/gesturelibrary.py.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/TrainingViewController.h.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/com/myproject/R$drawable.class.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/com/myproject/App$MENUITEMS.class.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFGenericTableViewController.m.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/src/com/myproject/PromptListener.java.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFNamedImage.m.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/com/myproject/R$id.class.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/33-cabinet.png.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/RightCurlyBrace32.png.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/com/myproject/Acceleration$3.class.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/GestureDB.m.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFButtonCellController.m.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/classes.dex.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFCellController.h.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/src/com/myproject/GestureRecognizer.java.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/dumbbell.png.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/com/myproject/Acceleration$5.class.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/cabinet.png.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/ThreeDollarGestureRecognizer.m.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/res/layout/learngesturedialog.xml.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/GestureRecorder.h.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/com/myproject/DBManagerUIActivity$1.class.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/3DollarRecognizer.xcodeproj/philotas.pbxuser.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Hacksaw64.png.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/res/drawable/icon.png.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/com/myproject/Score.class.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFValueCellController.m.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFNamedImage.h.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/com/myproject/App.class.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Roll64.png.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/_DollerRecognizerAppDelegate.m.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFChoiceTableViewController.h.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/com/myproject/Acceleration.class.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/GestureLibraryTableViewController.xib.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFLinkCellController.h.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/unknown64.png.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFPreferencesModel.h.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/LeftCurlyBrace64.png.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/src/com/myproject/App.java.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/src/com/myproject/GestureLibrary.java.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/LeftCurlyBrace32.png.i
data/iphone/gestureDB/Gestures.sqlite.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFControlTableViewCell.h.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFSwitchCellController.m.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Roll32.png.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/com/myproject/DBManagerUIActivity.class.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/com/myproject/App$STATES.class.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/com/myproject/Gesture.class.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/GestureDB.h.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/Score.m.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/TennisServe32.png.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/FirstViewController.m.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/3DollarRecognizer.xcodeproj/philotas.mode2v3.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/Gesture.m.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/TennisServe64.png.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/AndroidManifest.xml.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/res/values/strings.xml.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/com/myproject/R.class.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFTextViewTableView.h.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/3DollarRecognizer.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/ThreeDollarGestureRecognizer.h.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Circle64.png.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/com/myproject/GestureRecognizer.class.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/CustomView.m.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFLinkCellController.m.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFTextCellController.h.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/TrainingViewController.m.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/main.m.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/_DollerRecognizerAppDelegate.h.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Hacksaw32.png.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/Acceleration.apk.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/src/com/myproject/Gesture.java.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/RightSquareBracket32.png.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/ready.wav.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Settings.bundle/Root.plist.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/bin/com/myproject/R$layout.class.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/.classpath.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/Matrix.m.i
data/.hgignore.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/GestureRecorder.m.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/CustomView.h.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/GestureLibraryTableViewController.m.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Zorro32.png.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/Score.h.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/LeftSquareBracket32.png.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/Classes/IFCellModel.h.i
data/android/Acceleration (3DollarGestureRecognizer)/.pydevproject.i
data/iphone/3DollarRecognizer/code_snippets.rtf.i
